The boy Dragon Lord just accepted me as his younger brother
And ordered me to watch over you
You have to leave the ward and set fire to it
Be careful I break your legs
Uncle Yuyang is your outer god
You got to do it.
Hahaha, then it depends on whether he knows the truth or not.
You say it's bad
Even if it's my own son, I can't do it
Yuyang
Mo is always a good girl
But we don't deserve them
Just give up
Mom
I can't forget
If I give up, I will regret it for the rest of my life
Leave me alone.
Humph little brat
Are you looking for a brain pump?
If you have the ability, try to get out of bed.
seek death
How dare you play with me like this
Uncle Wu, you have to be so cruel
He killed himself
Brat, I warned you, you didn't listen, did you?
Looks like I'll just break your legs
Let you become iron too
No more sir
Dare to touch the old husband and grandchildren